This  file  contains  some frequently asked questions and answers
regarding G15Daemon and it's installation.

Q1.     G15daemon complains that it can't find libg15.so.1 !!
Q1a.	G15daemon complains that it can't find libg15render.so.1 !!
Answer:

Some of the g15 libraries are installed in /usr/local/lib.
Some distros don't look  there  for libraries by  default.  There 
are two ways around this - 

1. add /usr/local/lib to /etc/ld.so.conf (you'll need to be root)
   and run ldconfig or 

2.rerun the library configure script with --prefix=/usr,then make 
   && make install. This  will install  libg15  into the /usr/lib 
   directory.


Q2.     G15daemon  complains  about  not receiving a return value
and won't run!!

Answer:

G15daemon really needs to be run by the user root.   If  you  are
already running as root, and you still see this error, please let
us know.


Q3.     My 'G' keys dont work in X11 !!

Answer:

The daemon adds new scancodes for all the G & M keys.  X11 doesnt
understand  some  of these.  In order to have the keys work in X,
you'll find an xmodmaprc script and a bash script in the  contrib
directory.  Copy the xmodmaprc file to $HOME/.Xmodmap and set the
bash script to run every time X11 starts.  KDE has  an  AutoStart
folder you can put it in, Gnome probably has something similar.


Q4.	What devices are currently supported with G15Daemon?

Answer:

G15Daemon is designed to support whatever devices libg15 supports.
Currently,this means the G15 Keyboard(s), the G11 Keyboard and Z10
Speakers.


Q5.	Are there any forums supporting the G15Tools?

Answer:

Yes. There are several.  G15Tools now has it's own site, including
forums, at www.g15tools.com.There are also forums on the g15daemon
project site: http://sourceforge.net/projects/g15daemon, and a few
Linux distributions have threads setup for G15Tools users.


Q6.	Why doesn't G15Daemon use DBUS or DCOP?

Answer:

DBUS is a nice thing, however it's very new and is not  available 
everywhere. We try to keep dependancies to the minimum, and using 
DBUS would mean we have to ensure that G15Daemon is loaded  after
the DBUS server, which is something we can't guarantee. Down  the
track we will look at providing a DBUS G15Daemon proxy.


Q7.	Is G15Daemon able to run on my operating system?

Answer:

G15Daemon  currently has  support  for Linux, MacOSX and Solaris.
Some Linux  distributions  include the  G15Tools in their package
managers, however those may not be up-to-date.

FreeBSD  support is possible, see  README.FreeBSD  for details on
how you can try it out.  FreeBSD  support is completely untested,
however it may work.  Please  let us know  if  it works  for you.


Q8.	Will G15Daemon ever run on Windows?

Answer:

It might, but not by design.  There is commercial support from
Logitech for that operating system.
